hello we'll see today how
to install a railing at the edge of a
mask to read outside for
persons with reduced mobility or
elderly a railing and when
even well effective then started to
dig holes
so the holes we did some stuff do
about 25 by 25 by 35 cm of
depth
that's how we use to put
poles that make ten per disc we have
previously treated and that
rework proposed so we're going to
install two levels this way
so flowing into the concrete and a
once they are dry and we 'll put
so serve and they are doing very well on
a plan to make this railing of
economically we recovered from the month
the old back so the next
step it's going to be closing plots in
concrete to let dry two days - and
and then I can continue my
guardrail game but where mix of concrete
basically if I miss you back
the moment I do not worry too much about
level of unemployment us who hold I
garnished
about m about each side tap on
for well packed that to do well
to slide the concrete is long but my
post and then I'm going downright
level post also move too much I
will put one or two at the base
big stones to stall time
that it dries
at
Well, here you go, I find you two
days after our return to dry a
little trick as we are at the beginning of the
late autumn earlier early winter and
which is a bit cold to cover but
concrete pads that I had made the gemmi
of acid on top we could avoid that
as the nights are a bit chilly
for there is not yet a real frost but
to prevent my dives laurent
barbeau sight of the kind and so we see
the tracks and moaned on one side a screw this
which will allow me to make her hold on to
but on the other hand I crash and so my
cut because I hope
amy pole to get started
the other then there are two solutions either
we make up the length of the pole
to screw and put the other railing
but I do not like it so much
find it does not look pretty either
trace half we cut and finally the same
thing for the other party
so once I cut my
boards I'm going to close near hole for
able to put so but screw after in
the post so I started to trace
So there I set my handrail
the other side and then there I close and
accurate in this pack to be able to
then fix my shots so must the
put waxes do like that gig
with a key here we will do the same
thing on all the handrails and
then then it's good we 'll treat the
fence
here and well listen to the barrier and
goes up so have you seen the couples the
pushes poles
my asset set and now he's going us
to stay more than a step to do is to
so pass the stain protection where he
had already been forced it must but
she will need good protection
second time and hoping that you
will give an idea to make the injection
also see you soon